Bugs
	A pass from Go Problems invokes the game scoring algorithm!
		Also, why is it doing it after a SINGLE pass? Hmm.
	Ko not tested for, and then throws exception when the ko point is played.

What should happen when setup stones are added, and then later nodes are invalid moves?

Keyboard shortcuts
	Arrow keys are important for EditGameView!

Time limits for games (Difference preferences for each type of game)
	Have some standard times, and also "Custom"
	Create a TimePrefence in paratask, allowing pick of hours, minute or seconds
		ScaledDoublePreference, takes a set of scaling values for each type of units, shown as combobox

Don't allow the Home tab to be removed
	Use generics for tab type
	Don't show the close button!

Edit games
	Add comments, node name
	Edit meta-data
	Delete branch (warn when deleting main line)
	Show pass (and allow the pass branch to be deleted)
	Node annoations (e.g. good for white)
	Save button
	Edit button from JosekiView (navigate to the same node in the copy)
		Create a "NodeNavigation" class?
		Or just use the original's node tree
			GameNode.equals should be able to compare nodes for different games.
	listen to the game being reviewed, and add nodes to the reviewing game as moves are played.
		Add them as the main line in the copy.

Undo option when playing games (separate preference for each type of game)
	When playing a new move, make it the main line, but keep the old node (adding a "Undone" comment).
	When playing against a computer, undo TWO moves

SFGReader
	Comments : Read BYTES, and then convert to a string using the character set as defined within the file.

Icons on the tabs?
Drag tabs to re-arrange them (paratask).

Build a list of all sgf properties in SGFReader including supported,partial,unsupported.

Game editor/review needs a LOT of work
	Show the game tree.

Save .sgf files

Images for each of the Home view's buttons

Review games after playing them
	Edit whole game tree
	Get hints from GnuGo
		Perhaps there should always be a spare GNUGo instance, for hints and game scoring
		Split GNUGo into two, one part interacts with the gnugo command, the other is a Player
		Then have a third which does this hints. i.e.finds a good move, and then marks instead of moves.
		Maybe asks 2 or three times
		Add the mark to the node directly, not through game, just in case the currentNode changes before
			the answer is found.
		Ahh, but this implies that the spare is not synced with Game, and therefore cannot use the
			listeners in the same way to change its state. Hmmm. tricky.

Multiple directories for Go problems, so that Kogo can ship with its own problems AND let the user point to their own collection(s).

Allow for manual placing of handicap stones

When playing against GnuGo, set time limits similar to those on the servers.
	e.g. 15 minutes, then 30s per move with 3 "extras".
	Countdown timers, with human voice and progress bar.
	Make it obvious when a countdown is vital (i.e. you will lose the game).
	A Pause button when time is not limitless (for comfort breaks, phone calls etc).

All games automatically saved in a stadard place.
	Autosave option in preferences, and save directory
	File names are automatic - Server_YYYY-MM-DD_HH-MM.s

Use a cut-down version of GoTextProtocol to set up a client/server game across a LAN.
	Or a propriatory protocol?

Hidden Stone Go (via client server)
	Parameters for # of black & white stones
	Parameter for showing your own hidden stones

One Color Go


